DirectResponse and buffering fixes (#96)
kgateway-dev/kgateway.dev: content/docs/traffic-management/direct-response.md

next: /docs/traffic-management/match
---

> Use kgateway's [DirectResponse](/docs/reference/api/top-level/direct-response/) API to directly respond to incoming requests without forwarding them to services. Instead, you return a pre-defined body and HTTP status to the client.

Reviewer: possibly use the shortcode, maybe also add code?
```suggestion
Use the {{< reuse "docs/snippets/product-name.md" >}} [DirectResponse](/docs/reference/api/top-level/direct-response/) API to directly respond to incoming requests without forwarding them to services. Instead, you return a pre-defined body and HTTP status code to the client.
```
